>> Steve Kinney: So
let's let's finish up this lecture.
What we need to do is,
we need to get our quotes working,
or I'm sorry, I was like getting
the multi characters names working.
And then, we'll go ahead and
get strings as well,
we should get that white space one for
free.
So in this case,
it's pretty much the same.
We can just say, we'll call it a symbol
in this case, it's not a number.
Is that first one that we came across
since we know that that one's fair game.
And then, we'll go ahead and
say, while and
we're actually when we get to the strings,
I don't have a like a really great way
of they have a great way of peeking but
not of pulling the next one off.
So I'm just using the kind of like regular
syntax, but when we get to arrays,
we'll actually use a helper for
this as well.
So if letter, I will look at the input,
well, as well as cursor, right?
And then we'll just say, symbol +=,
>> Steve Kinney: Where the cursor is now.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, all right,
and then once we have that done,
we just push it on the symbol
instead of the character.
>> Steve Kinney: And that last one where
the while broke should get us onto
the white space.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, sweet.
And strings are just a little bit
different in a very subtle way which
is that they start, well,
as soon as we hit a double quote, and
they keep going indiscriminately
until we hit the other double quote.
It's almost the opposite, all right?
Are you a letter, right?
For the previous one.
Cool, join me or your number for
that multi digit number, join me.
For string, it's actually, hey man,
anything can come onto this string until
we get to the closing quote and
then we're done here, all right?
So it's just basically the opposite.
So we can do, I have a isQuote helper cuz
our language only supports double quotes,
[LAUGH] that's problematic for you.
So if it is a quote, cool,
we know it's time to start a string,
I'll say lead string.
Now, we don't want that first quote,
right?
We do like, for the letters like hey,
you're the first letter,
you're the first number,
I need you, join me.
This one are like, we don't, like our
language doesn't care about quotes,
it doesn't care about white space.
It's throwing these things in the garbage
can as part of the tokenization.
It needs them to figure out
where the token starts, right?
But notice how we're
getting into the type.
There's definitely trade offs that we're
gonna make throughout the day, right?
Like if we wanted to purely
the interpreter route,
like just keeping primitives
the whole way through and
not making these objects that have
some metadata, it's super easy.
Especially because of our list,
which is a set of lists.
And like you just put
the values in an array,
it's super easy if we're going to
get the interpreter only route.
But we also wanna get comfortable with
ASTs, and compilers, and stuff like that.
So we're kind of in a way,-because we
wanna have the best of both worlds,
we have to make some trade offs.
So yeah, we kinda get this metadata route.
And so we'll say, while, now, this one's
slightly different, not isQuote, right?
So while the next thing is not a quote,
because our strings can
have effectively anything.
And we're not good like, yeah,
like if we're doing this, if again,
we were spending all week writing Alexa
all day even like we would like let back
slashes, escape, another double quote,
or something along those lines,
we're not going to do that.
Cursor are like you should,
but we're not going to.
>> Steve Kinney: +- input[cursor]
maybe I spell input, right?
Cool, and then we go ahead and,
>> Steve Kinney: Push on,
this one's gonna be a type of string,
>> Steve Kinney: Value,
of the string that we just collected.
Now, this one again,
slightly different, before,
we knew that we were at the end
of the multi digit number or
the end of the identifier slash
name because we hit white space.
This point,
we actually hit the closing quote, right?
Which we wanna throw in the garbage can,
right?
So in this, case we'll go ahead and
just move onto one more character as well.
>> Steve Kinney: And this is why
it's useful to have the cursor.
I think that's to answer your
question earlier, Jason,
like the fact that we have complete
control over the index of it.
And like we don't have to play with like,
if we're doing this and a reduced,
it would be a little trickier.
>> Steve Kinney: And I say that as
somebody who started with like I wanna use
a reduced.
[LAUGH] I say that from from having
tried and failing miserably at it.
All right, so that should be everything.
Let's unskip those tests and see if I made
any terrible mistakes while I was talking.
>> Steve Kinney: And we can pretty
much unskip them all at this point.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, we have.